Program 505T
(cows and horses)

Program Description:
Read from the data file,
the first number of the data file will
represent the number of hay bales the farm
currently has. It is followed by the cost of
each hay bale.

The next number is the number of corncobs the
farm has, followed by the cost of each corncob.
The data file will then provide the number of
cows that are stored in the data file.  Each
cow has a weight, followed by pounds of milk
produced per day, followed by the number of
hay bales eaten each day per cow, followed by
a number of corncobs eaten each day per cow.

The next set of data will have an int for the
number of horses.  Their weight comes next.
This will be followed by the number of hay
bales eaten each day, followed by the number
of corncobs eaten each day, followed by the
number of rides that horse gave and the cost
per ride for that horse.

Complete the farm, horse and cow classes -
be sure to create constructors for each of
the classes.

X - Report the income of the day,
X - Report the cost of feeding the animals for a day
X - Report the cumulative weight of all animals.
- It should determine if there is enough food to
feed all the animals, if so, feed all the
animals
- Report how many bales of hay and cobs of corn
are left in the barn.
If there is not enough food for ALL the animals,
none of the animals get fed ☹ Report that there is insufficient food to feed the animals and request
an immediate shipment of hay and corn for the
amount of needed of each.

o   Sell off the 3 cows that generate the lowest amount of milk.
o   Sell off the two horses that generate the lowest amount of ride income.
o   Change the first cow.   The cow has a weight of 1250, followed by 80 pounds of milk produced per day, followed by the number of 3 hay bales eaten each day, followed by 4 corncobs eaten each day.
o   Report the total number of cows and horses on the farm.

A pound of milk sells for $0.20.

Statements Required:  input, output, loop control, arrays, classes

Data Location prog505t.dat
